[CONVISO-10-003] - Spree e-commerce JSON Hijacking Vulnerabilities

1. Advisory Information
    Conviso Advisory ID: CONVISO-10-003
    CVE ID: CVE-2010-3978
    CVSS v2: 3.3, (AV:N/AC:L/Au:N/C:C/I:N/A:N)
    Date: 2010-10-01

2. Affected Components
    All 0.11.x versions.

3. Description
    Spree e-commerce is an open source commerce platform written for the Ruby on Rails framework
    supporting "Over 100 extensions created by our active and dedicated community". This problem was
    confirmed in the following versions of the Spree e-commerce, other versions maybe also affected.
    There are multiple JSON Hijacking vulnerabilities and as result, an attacker can steal
    confidential information such as product costs, price and quantities and users email, encrypted
    password, tokens, OpenID identifier, phone and address as well as orders count and values by
    period.

4. Details
    There are some pages within the default Spree installation that use JavaScript Object Notation
    (JSON) as a transport mechanism between the client and the server. As the application cannot
    differentiate real requests from forged requests, and the JSON object returned can be accessed
    by the attacker's malicious code via a script tag, those pages are vulnerable to an attack known
    as JSON Hijacking.

    The affected pages are:

    - /admin/products.json
    - /admin/users.json
    - /admin/overview/get_report_data

    Proof of concept exploitation code is available to interested parties.

5. Solution

6. Credits
    Gabriel Quadros <gquadros@conviso.com.br>

7. Report Timeline

8. References

9. About Conviso
    Conviso is a consulting company specialized on application security. Our values are based on the
    allocation of the adequate competencies on the field, a clear and direct speech with the market,
    collaboration and partnership with our customers and business partners and constant investments
    on methodology and research improvement. For more information about our company and services
    provided, please check our website at www.conviso.com.br.

10. Copyright and Disclaimer
    The information in this advisory is Copyright 2010 Conviso Application Security S/A and provided
    so that the society can understand the risk they may be facing by running affected software,
    hardware or other components used on their systems. In case you wish to copy information from
    this advisory, you must either copy all of it or refer to this document (including our URL). No
    guarantee is provided for the accuracy of this information, or damage you may cause your systems
    in testing.

