[CONVISO-22-002] - FortiIsolator - Unauthorized user able to regenerate CA certificate

1. Advisory Information
    Conviso Advisory ID: CONVISO-22-002
    CVE ID: CVE-2021-41020
    CVSSv3 Score : 8.6
    Date: 2022-05-03

2. Affected Components
    FortiIsolator versions 2.3.2 and below

3. Description
    An improper access control vulnerability [CWE-284] in FortiIsolator may allow an authenticated,
    non privileged attacker to regenerate the CA certificate via the regeneration URL.

4. Details
    - It was listed the critical endpoints in FortiIsolator
    - It was identified that the feature "CA Generate" is an important component to software purpose
    - It was validated the authorization mechanism to access this component and during this process 
      was identified that there was not a correct authorization validation
    - It was created an user with read-only permission that should not be able to access the component
    - This user was able to renegerate the CA certificate in the software

5. Solution
    Upgrade to FortiIsolator version 2.3.3 or above.
    Upgrade to FortiIsolator version 2.4.0 or above.

6. Credits
    Danilo Costa <dcosta@convisoappsec.com>

7. Report Timeline
    Apr 24, 2021 - The Vulnerability was reported do Fortiguard PSIRT Team
    May 03, 2022 - The vulnerability has been fixed and published

8. References
    https://www.fortiguard.com/psirt/FG-IR-21-040

9. About Conviso
    Conviso is a consulting company specialized on application security. Our values are based on the
    allocation of the adequate competencies on the field, a clear and direct speech with the market,
    collaboration and partnership with our customers and business partners and constant investments
    on methodology and research improvement. For more information about our company and services
    provided, please check our website at www.conviso.com.br.

10. Copyright and Disclaimer
    The information in this advisory is Copyright 2022 Conviso Application Security S/A and provided
    so that the society can understand the risk they may be facing by running affected software,
    hardware or other components used on their systems. In case you wish to copy information from
    this advisory, you must either copy all of it or refer to this document (including our URL). No
    guarantee is provided for the accuracy of this information, or damage you may cause your systems
    in testing.
